
SCREEN.COM : BBS Utility program from Carl Schelin
                                      67 Chestnut Drive
                                      Stafford, VA  22554
                                      (703) 659-6648


Reason for Program:
     At work, we run TComm and have a menu system for our customers to find
     the files that they want. Since we sometimes have multiple screens and I
     was tired of waiting for TComm to initialize, I wrote this program. I
     soon discovered that it could be used for any multiple screen type file.
     I fixed it up, added the popup window as the default and sent it out.

How the Program works:
     It is a very simple program. You have only three options:

     1) Screen
     2) Screen <filename>
     3) Screen <filename> [Lines]

     1 shows the popup screen with the name of the program and how the command
          line should look.
     2 shows the filename specified at 23 lines per screen. (Default for
          PCBoard.)
     3 lets you assign the number of lines you wish to show. TComm is 22 lines
          per screen and PCBoard is 23. (Hence the default of 23.)

Program Notes:
     This program checks for the Escape sequence Clear Screen (Esc[2J) at the
     beginning of a text file. This is what shows the difference between a
     scrolling file (Test) and a multiple menu type file (TestG). If the Escape
     sequence is not the first four characters in the file, you may see your
     screens look a little different.

Finally:
     If you find any bugs, let me know. If you think of anything else that you
     might want to see in such a simple program, let me know. I am more than
     willing to program any new options into the program. I am not asking for
     any monetary remuneration. This program is just a simple utility that I
     thought could make the job a little easier at work.
                                                      

                                             Carl Schelin
                                             Sysop - The Conventions BBS
                                             300-19200 baud - 120meg online
                                             1700+ files - 24 hours 7 days
                                             (Up soon)
